The Jealous Lover, Opal Patton, Leesville, Texas, March the 4th, 1939.
Down in a lonely valley where the violets gently bloom, Florella lies forgotten in a cold and silent tomb.
She died not broken-hearted, nor of sickness did she pass. But in one moment parted from the ones she loved so dear.
One night as the moon shone brightly and lightly fell the dew, to the lonely cottage, her jealous lover drew.
Florella, let us wander down the meadow gay. There let us sit and ponder upon our wedding day.
The way was cold and dreary The night was coming on. Into that lonely valley He led the maiden on.
Oh Edward, I'm so tired, wandering here so long. The night is cold and dreary. I pray you take me home.
You have not the wings of an angel, nor from me can you fly.
You cannot now escape me, Florella, you must die.
Then down on her knee she bended, and begged him for her life. But into a snowy white bosom he plunged a gleaming knife.
Oh, Edward, I forgive you with all my dying breath.
I never have deceived you as I close my eyes in death.